Create theme-best-practices.md (#966)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/deploying-a-theme/theme-best-practices.md

## Importing images
There are two ways to import images. The quickest and easiest way to import images is to:
1. Connect to your store using the [WebDAV](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV) client of your choice.
2. Add images to the `/content` directory.
3. Upload the images using a WebDAV client, you can access the images within the theme using the `cdn` handlebar helper as follows:

```json
{{cdn "webdav:/img/image.jpg"}}
```
The WebDAV import option allows you to upload images in bulk. However, we suggest that you select the specific files needed and not import the entire markup file or unessential files as this can affect page load time.

To learn about the BigCommerce folder structure best practices, see [Folder Structure](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV#folder).

The second way to import images is to use the image manager within the control panel.
1. In the control panel, go to **Storefront** > **Image Manager**.
2. Click **Upload images...**
3. Click **Choose File** (or Browse) and select an image from your computer. Repeat for each additional image.
4. Click **Upload**.

> When importing images, ensure images are appropriately-sized and have low byte size to increase a store's site speed. We recommend using a recent Stencil theme that uses responsive images. Once you have that, the best practice is to upload the best quality images you have, and BigCommerce will optimize them. We recommend JPEGs over other formats. See [Optimizing your Images](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Optimizing-Your-Images) for more details on how to optimize images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When importing images, ensure your images are high quality, the appropriate dimensions, and are low byte sizes.  Doing this increases a store's site speed. We recommend using Stencil themes that support responsive images. Once you have selected a theme, upload the images you have, and BigCommerce will optimize them. We recommend JPEGs over other formats. For more details on how to optimize images, see [Optimizing your Images](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Optimizing-Your-Images).
```

## Injecting variables

> 

Reviewer: The link on the "Injection helpers" does not lead to a specific "injection helpers" header. Select another header to point to or rename the link to reflect the destination page name.

> Injecting javascript context variables allow you to access store data through your theme. You can inject javascript context variables using the `{{inject}}` helper for properties you want responses for by assigning a custom variable name. You can then use the `{{jsContext}}` handlebars helper to access a stringified JSON object containing all injected data with your assigned variable name as the key in key-value pairs. For more information, see [injection helpers](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/reference-docs/handlebars-helpers-reference#injection-helpers). The code example below uses `{{inject}}` and `{{jsContent}}` to log the product name to your browser's console when added to Cornerstone's `product.html` file: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Injecting JavaScript context variables allow you to access store data through your theme. You can inject JavaScript context variables using the `{{inject}}` Handlebars helper. Be sure to assign a custom variable name to the injected variable. 

You can then use the `{{jsContext}}` Handlebars helper to access a stringified JSON object containing all injected data with your assigned custom variable names as keys in the key-value pairs. For more information, see [Injection helpers](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/reference-docs/handlebars-helpers-reference#injection-helpers).
 
The code example below uses `{{inject}}` and `{{jsContent}}` to log the product name to your browser's console when added to Cornerstone's `product.html` file: 
```

```javascript
{{inject "myProductName" product.title}}

<script>
// Note the lack of quotes around the jsContext handlebars helper, it becomes a string automatically.
var jsContext = JSON.parse({{jsContext}});
/* jsContext would output "{\"myProductName\": \"Sample Product\"}" which can feed directly into
your JavaScript. */
console.log(jsContext.myProductName); // Will output: Sample Product
</script>
```

> We suggest injecting only specific variables and only the variables you need. If you inject all settings, you could accidently inject PII (Personally-Identifying Information) and cause performance issues with your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend injecting only the variables you need. If you inject all settings, you could accidentally inject PII (Personally-Identifying Information) and cause performance issues with your site.
```

## Using Lighthouse

> Google [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) is an open-source tool used to improve the performance, quality, accessibility, best practices, and more for web pages. Enter a URL into Lighthouse, and it will generate a series of audits against the page. We highly encourage you to use Lighthouse as a validation step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) is an open-source tool used to improve web page performance, quality, and accessibility. Enter a URL into Lighthouse, and it will generate a series of audits against the page. We highly encourage you to use Lighthouse as a validation step.
```

We recommend that you use Lighthouse to focus on the following metrics for optimizing your BigCommerce store.

> * [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](#largest-contentful-paint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Largest Contentful Paint](#largest-contentful-paint)
```

> * [First Input Delay (FID)](#first-input-delay)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [First Input Delay](#first-input-delay)
```

> * [Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)](#cumulative-layout-shift)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Cumulative Layout Shift](#cumulative-layout-shift)
```

### Largest Contentful Paint

> LCP is the metric that reports the time it takes to display the largest image on the screen. This metric is important because page speed ensures visitors receive the best performance and presentation of the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) is the metric that reports the time it takes to display the largest image on the screen. This metric is important because page speed ensures visitors receive the best performance and presentation of the site.
```

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

**Good score:**
The optimal LCP score is 2.5 seconds or faster. 

</div>
</div>
</div>

> To improve LCP:

Reviewer: Be consistent with the lack of punctuation at the end of bulleted items on lists

* Make images smaller or remove anything preventing a quick download.
* Avoid JavaScript or external scripts to load images.
* Use an image CDN
* Optimize your server

### First Input Delay

> FID is the metric that measures the delay users experience when interacting with a page. It is the time it takes for the site to respond when a user clicks a link, selects a button, taps on the screen, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First Input Delay (FID) is the metric that measures the delay users experience when interacting with a page. It is the time it takes for the site to respond when a user clicks a link, selects a button, taps on the screen, etc.
```

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

**Good score:**
The optimal FID score is 100 milliseconds or less. 

</div>
</div>
</div>

To improve FID:
* Reduce the effect of third-party code
* Reduce JavaScript execution time
* Reduce the duration of your longest task

Lighthouse does not display FID since measuring the response delay requires real user interaction. Instead, Lighthouse displays Total Blocking Time (TBT) to gauge how long a page takes to become useable. TBT is the sum of task loading time over 50ms measured between the first text or image rendering and the time it takes for a fully interactive page. Improvements to TBT will also improve your FID score.

A good TBT score is 300 milliseconds or less.

### Cumulative Layout Shift

> CLS is the metric that measures visual stability. This metric measures how often users experience unexpected layout shifts. A layout shift is when a visible element changes its position from one rendered frame to the next. For example, a layout shift can occur when a user views a page and a video moves on top of the home carousel. These unexpected movements can result in an unpleasant experience for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS) is the metric that measures visual stability. This metric measures how often users experience unexpected layout shifts. A layout shift is when a visible element changes its position from one rendered frame to the next. For example, a layout shift can occur when a user views a page and a video moves on top of the home carousel. These unexpected movements can result in an unpleasant experience for the user.
```

# Theme Development Best Practices Tutorial

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this page
- [Importing images](#importing-images)
- [Injecting variables](#injecting-variables)
- [Using Lighthouse](#using-lighthouse)
- [Designing for accessibility](#designing-for-accessibility)
- [Resources](#resources)
</div>

In this tutorial, you will learn the correct way to import theme images and inject theme variables. Also, theme developers will learn how to improve theme designs using [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) and [accessibility best practices](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/theme-accessibility).

## Importing images
There are two ways to import images. The quickest and easiest way to import images is to:

> 1. Connect your store via the [WebDAV](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV) client of your choice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Connect to your store using the [WebDAV](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV) client of your choice.
```

> 2. Add images to the /content/folder directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add images to the `/content/folder` directory.
```

3. Reference images from there, as shown in the examples below:

```json

> <img src="/content/image.jpg">

Author: Removed <img src ="/content/image.jpg">

```

> If the image is uploaded to WebDAV, you can access it within the theme using cdn handlebar helper as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the image is uploaded to WebDAV, you can access it within the theme using the `cdn` handlebar helper as follows:
```

```json
{{cdn "webdav:/img/image.jpg"}}
```
The WebDAV import option allows you to upload images in bulk. However, we suggest that you select the specific files needed and not import the entire markup file or unessential files as this can affect page load time.

To learn about the BigCommerce folder structure best practices, see [Folder Structure](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV#folder).

The second way to import images is to use the image manager within the control panel.
1. In the control panel, go to **Storefront** > **Image Manager**.
2. Click **Upload images...**
3. Click **Choose File** (or Browse) and select an image from your computer. Repeat for each additional image.
4. Click **Upload**.

> When importing images, ensure images are appropriately-sized and have low byte size to increase a store's site speed. We recommend using a recent Stencil theme which uses responsive images. Once you have that, the best practice is to upload the best quality images you have, and BigCommerce will take care of optimizing them. JPEGs are recommended over other formats. See [Optimizing your Images](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Optimizing-Your-Images) for more details on how to optimize images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When importing images, ensure images are appropriately-sized and have low byte size to increase a store's site speed. We recommend using a recent Stencil theme that uses responsive images. Once you have that, the best practice is to upload the best quality images you have, and BigCommerce will take care of optimizing them. JPEGs are recommended over other formats. See [Optimizing your Images](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Optimizing-Your-Images) for more details on how to optimize images.
```
"that" instead of "which" because "uses responsive images" is a defining clause.

## Injecting variables

> Injecting javascript context variables allow you to access variables as needed to customize your theme. You can inject javascript context variables using the `inject` helper. The `inject` helper can be sent to the browser. Below is an example of an inject helper that can be added to your code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Injecting JavaScript context variables allow you to access variables as needed to customize your theme. You can inject JavaScript context variables using the `{{inject}}` helper. The `{{inject}}` helper can be sent to the browser. Below is an example of an `{{inject}}` helper that you can add to your code.
```

I feel this section needs an explanation of how `{{inject}}` works with `{{jsContext}}` to pass information to the browser. I will try to revisit this tomorrow.

```json

> {inject "myProductName" product.title}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{inject "myProductName" product.title}}
```

<script>
// Note the lack of quotes around the jsContext handlebars helper, it becomes a string automatically.
var jsContext = JSON.parse({{jsContext}});
/* jsContext would output "{\"myProductName\": \"Sample Product\"}" which can feed directly into
your JavaScript. */
console.log(jsContext.myProductName); // Will output: Sample Product
</script>
```

> We suggest injecting only specific files and only the variables you need. If you inject all settings, you could accidently inject PII (Personally-Identifying Information) and cause performance issues with your site.

Author: That looks like a typo. It should be injecting variables.

A good TBT score is 300 milliseconds or less.

### Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)

CLS is the metric that measures visual stability. This metric measures how often users experience unexpected layout shifts. A layout shift is when a visible element changes its position from one rendered frame to the next. For example, a layout shift can occur when a user is viewing a page and a video moves on top of the home carousel. These unexpected movements can result in an unpleasant experience for the user.

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

**Good score:**
The optimal CLS score is 0.1 seconds or less. 

</div>
</div>
</div>

To improve CLS:
* Add size attributes to elements
* Reserve space for injected content
* Avoid inserting ads or banners dynamically
* Ensure to load critical CSS before content

### Optimization example

In this example, the performance score is currently 47. The LCP score is 6.2s, the TBT score is 410 ms, and the CLS score is 1.137 which are all less than optional scores.

> ![Performance Metrics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/performnce-example-1.png "Performance Metrics")

Reviewer 3: What are these images ? They don't seem to load for me.

Reviewer 3: Also there is a typo in the name of the file. Performance is missing an `a` in this one as well as the one below.

To improve performance, let's start by removing usused JavaScript. Lighthouse and the **Coverage** tab offers suggestions of unused JavaScript code that can be removed. The red section of the bar is unused bytes. The green section is used bytes.

![Coverage tab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/performnce-example-2.png "Coverage tab")

In addition to removing unused bytes, you can minify, compress, and refractor CSS/JavaScript files. This includes removing line breaks, whitespace, and comments.

**Minify example**

> ```json

Reviewer 3: I think `css` will work here as well

Author: Yes, this example comes from custom.css. 
I changed ```json to ```css.

To learn about the BigCommerce folder structure best practices, see [Folder Structure](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV#folder).

The second way to import images is to use the image manager within the control panel.
1. In the control panel, go to **Storefront** > **Image Manager**.
2. Click **Upload images...**
3. Click **Choose File** (or Browse) and select an image from your computer. Repeat for each additional image.
4. Click **Upload**.

When importing images, ensure images are appropriately-sized and have low byte size to increase a store's site speed. We recommend using a recent Stencil theme that uses responsive images. Once you have that, the best practice is to upload the best quality images you have, and BigCommerce will optimize them. We recommend JPEGs over other formats. See [Optimizing your Images](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Optimizing-Your-Images) for more details on how to optimize images.

## Injecting variables

> Injecting javascript context variables allow you to access variables as needed to customize your theme. You can inject javascript context variables using the `inject` helper. The `inject` helper can be sent to the browser. Below is an example of an inject helper that can be added to your code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `{{inject}}` Handlebars helper allows you to access store data through your theme by assigning a custom variable name to a property that you'd later like to return the value for. You can then use the `{{jsContext}}` Handlebars helper to access a stringified JSON object containing all injected data with your assigned variable name as the key in key-value pairs. The code example below uses `{{inject}}` and `{{jsContext}}` to log the product name to your browser's console when added to Cornerstone's `product.html` file:
```

Sorry for the delay. After playing with these helpers for a while, this is how I would explain the usage. Just a suggestion, though 👍

* [Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)](#cumulative-layout-shift)

### Largest Contentful Paint
LCP is the metric that reports the time it takes to display the largest image on the screen. This metric is important because page speed ensures visitors receive the best performance and presentation of the site.

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

**Good score:**
The optimal LCP score is 2.5 seconds or faster. 

</div>
</div>
</div>

To improve LCP:
* Make images smaller or remove anything preventing a quick download.
* Avoid JavaScript or external scripts to load images.
* Use an image CDN
* Optimize your server

### First Input Delay
FID is the metric that measures the delay users experience when interacting with a page. It is the time it takes for the site to respond when a user clicks a link, selects a button, taps on the screen, etc.

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

**Good score:**
The optimal FID score is 100 milliseconds or less. 

</div>
</div>
</div>

To improve FID:
* Reduce the effect of third-party code
* Reduce JavaScript execution time

> * Reduce duration of your longest task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Reduce the duration of your longest task
```
